chore(docs): port MORE notions (#180)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/getting-started/updating-from-v2-to-v3.mdx

  await command.messageRun(message);
}
```

#### Application Command Registry and what the is it?

There is a new property on the Command class ([`applicationCommandRegistry`][command-acr]]) and a new method
([`registerApplicationCommands`][command-rac]). While [Application Command Registry][acr] goes more in-depth about what
the registry is and how it works, here's a basic run down of what they represent:

##### [`Command#applicationCommandRegistry`][command-acr]

This is a shortcut for the command's application command registry. There can only ever be 1 registry for 1 command name.
Realistically, it's kind of useless for most use-cases, but it's there for those that want it.

##### [`Command#registerApplicationCommands`][command-rac]

This method is called when a command gets loaded into the store, and is responsible for adding the builders or command
data for application commands. In the event the data you provided for registering the application command is invalid, a
CommandApplicationCommandRegistryError (`commandApplicationCommandRegistryError`) event is emitted with the error and
the command that had the error.

:::caution

> 👀 If you've already registered the chat input command manually, or Sapphire registered it for you, copy the id from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already registered the chat input command manually, or Sapphire registered it for you, copy the id from
```

:::

Here's a simple example of how you can easily register a chat input command and handle its interactions right away!

```typescript ts2esm2cjs
import { Command } from '@sapphire/framework';
import { Formatters } from 'discord.js';

export class SlashCommand extends Command {
  public constructor(context: Command.Context, options: Command.Options) {
    super(context, {
      ...options,
      description: 'Says hello.'
    });
  }

  public override registerApplicationCommands(registry: Command.Registry) {
    registry.registerChatInputCommand((builder) =>
      builder //
        .setName(this.name)
        .setDescription(this.description)
    );
  }

  public override chatInputRun(interaction: Command.ChatInputInteraction) {
    return interaction.reply({
      content: `Hello World!`
    });
  }
}
```

## Preconditions

### ⚠️ Breaking Changes

The `run` method has been removed from Preconditions. In it's place, just like for [Commands][commands], there are 3 new
optional methods you can create: [`messageRun`][precondition-message-run], [`chatInputRun`][precondition-chat-input-run]
and [`contextMenuRun`][precondition-context-menu-run].

:::warning

> ⚠️ Just like in [Commands][commands], you ought to specify at least one of the methods if you expect the preconditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like in [Commands][commands], you ought to specify at least one of the methods if you expect the preconditions
```

to work. That could be either the `messageRun` method, the `chatInputRun` method or the `contextMenuRun` method.

:::

:::caution

For TypeScript users, the Precondition class is **no longer** `abstract`. This is due to the fact we cannot mark the
methods as conditionally abstract sadly, so it's up to you to implement the handlers required.

:::

### !!! DO NOT FORGET ABOUT THE OPTIONAL PRECONDITION METHODS !!!

You don't have to worry if you forget to implement a method for your preconditions that is expected to be there for your
commands. We air on the side of caution, so **if we expect a method to be present, but it is missing, we will
immediately prevent the command from being ran and you will see the error in the following events:**

- For chat input commands, you will receive a `chatInputCommandDenied` event
- For context menu commands, you will receive a `contextMenuCommandDenied` event
- For message commands, you will receive a `messageCommandDenied` event

This decision was taken to prevent accidental escalations from happening in your commands (think of a `ban` command that

> can suddenly be ran by anyone and everyone. I love chaos but this is too much even for me 😄)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can suddenly be ran by anyone and everyone. We love chaos but this is too much even for us! 😄)
```

:::info

> ℹ️ All Sapphire pre-included preconditions, which you can see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Sapphire pre-included preconditions, which you can see
```
